# best of python 

[prooffreader plus: Top 10 Python idioms I wish I'd learned
earlier](http://prooffreaderplus.blogspot.ca/2014/11/top-10-python-idioms-i-wished-id.html)

[Python Regular Expressions  |  Google for Education  |  Google
Developers](https://developers.google.com/edu/python/regular-expressions)

[Visualize python code
execution](http://www.pythontutor.com/visualize.html)

[Raymond Hettinger - Beyond PEP 8 -- Best practices for beautiful
intelligible code - PyCon
2015](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wf-BqAjZb8M)

[I'm creating an example Python Machine Learning notebook for newcomers
to the field. The goal is to show what an example ML project would look
like from start to finish. I'd love your feedback or contributions to
make it
better.](https://github.com/rhiever/Data-Analysis-and-Machine-Learning-Projects/blob/master/example-data-science-notebook/Example%20Machine%20Learning%20Notebook.ipynb)

[The US Army open-sourced a Python "network forensic analysis
framework".](https://github.com/USArmyResearchLab/Dshell)

[10 awesome features of Python that you can't use because you refuse to
upgrade to Python
3](http://asmeurer.github.io/python3-presentation/slides.html#1)

[That's what I call a Python cheat sheet](http://overapi.com/python/)

[The homogenization of scientific computing, or why Python is steadily
eating other languages’ lunch |
R-bloggers](http://www.r-bloggers.com/the-homogenization-of-scientific-computing-or-why-python-is-steadily-eating-other-languages-lunch/)

Over the past two years, my scientific computing toolbox been steadily
homogenizing. Around 2010 or 2011, my toolbox looked something like
this: Ruby for text

[A Neural Network in 11 lines of
Python](http://iamtrask.github.io/2015/07/12/basic-python-network/?)

[Must-watch videos about Python](https://github.com/s16h/py-must-watch)

[Experienced Python Users: what's the most recent new thing you learned
about the language? :
Python](https://www.reddit.com/r/Python/comments/32yvjf/experienced_python_users_whats_the_most_recent/)

I ask this because I just learned something new that I feel like I
should have known for a long time... if you define a class with a
\`\_\_len\_\_()\`...

[SQLAlchemy 1.0.0
Released](http://www.sqlalchemy.org/blog/2015/04/16/sqlalchemy-1.0.0-released/)

[Python 3 docs](https://docs.python.org/3/)

[Help a .NET developer understand: Why Python? Use
cases?](https://www.reddit.com/r/Python/comments/12opi2/help_a_net_developer_understand_why_python_use/)

[SQLite - Working with large data sets in Python
effectively](http://sebastianraschka.com/Articles/sqlite3_database.html)

[SO: What is a metaclass. For
humans.](http://stackoverflow.com/a/6581949/38749)

[Incremental Garbage Collector in
PyPy](http://morepypy.blogspot.com/2013/10/incremental-garbage-collector-in-pypy.html)

[Programming a Perceptron in Python -
blog.dbrgn.ch](https://blog.dbrgn.ch/2013/3/26/perceptrons-in-python/)

[Neckbeard Republic - high quality Python screentcasts - goes completely
free.](https://www.neckbeardrepublic.com/?completely=free&swagg=outofcontrol)

[Introduction to
A\*](http://www.redblobgames.com/pathfinding/a-star/introduction.html)

[Learn Python The Hard Way, 2nd
Edition](http://learnpythonthehardway.org/book/index.html)

[Guido van Rossum's talk at Dropbox last night on the history of
Python](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ugqu10JV7dk)

[I use PHP. Whenever I meet a Python guy, they tell me how much better
it is, and I'd like the low-down on the reasons. :
Python](https://www.reddit.com/r/Python/comments/mi2m8/i_use_php_whenever_i_meet_a_python_guy_they_tell/)

[Learn about Unicode once and for
all](http://nedbatchelder.com/text/unipain.html)

[PyFormat: Using % and .format() for great
good!](https://pyformat.info/)

[Five crazy abstractions my Deep Learning word2vec model just
did](http://byterot.blogspot.co.uk/2015/06/five-crazy-abstractions-my-deep-learning-word2doc-model-just-did-NLP-gensim.html)

[Requests: HTTP for Humans](http://python-requests.org/)

[What's your opinion on what to include in \_\_init\_\_.py
?](https://www.reddit.com/r/Python/comments/1bbbwk/whats_your_opinion_on_what_to_include_in_init_py/)

[IPython 4 and Jupyter are
out](http://blog.jupyter.org/2015/08/12/first-release-of-jupyter/)

[Transforming Code into Beautiful, Idiomatic
Python](http://pyvideo.org/video/1780/transforming-code-into-beautiful-idiomatic-pytho)

[When do you \*NOT\* use python? :
Python](https://www.reddit.com/r/Python/comments/2w64e2/when_do_you_not_use_python/)

Hi everyone, We're all python fans here, and to be fair I may use it a
bit more than I should. I'd like to hear other people's thoughts on...

[Guido van Rossum - The History of Python: The story of None, True and
False (and an explanation of literals, keywords and builtins thrown
in)](http://python-history.blogspot.ro/2013/11/story-of-none-true-false.html)

[docopt – pythonic option parser, that will make you
smile](https://github.com/halst/docopt#readme)

[Click, a new CLI library by Armin Ronacher (Flask,
Jinja)](http://click.pocoo.org/)

[cells. A massively multi-agent Python programming
game.](http://phonons.wordpress.com/2010/06/01/cells-a-massively-multi-agent-python-programming-game/)

[Micro Python -- a lean and efficient implementation of Python
3](https://mail.python.org/pipermail/python-list/2014-June/672994.html)

[dataset: databases for lazy people — dataset 0.6.0
documentation](https://dataset.readthedocs.org/en/latest/)

[Pattern | CLiPS](http://www.clips.ua.ac.be/pattern)

[I was asked on Twitter why Python uses 0-based indexing, with a link to
a new…](https://plus.google.com/115212051037621986145/posts/YTUxbXYZyfi)

I was asked on Twitter why Python uses 0-based indexing, with a link to
a new (fascinating) post on the subject… - Guido van Rossum - Google+

[Guido, on how to write faster
python](https://plus.google.com/u/0/115212051037621986145/posts/HajXHPGN752)

[pynsist - easily build Windows installers for Python
applications](http://pynsist.readthedocs.org/en/latest/)

[Pycoder's Weekly: Top of 2014](http://pycoders.com/2014/)

[Welcome to simpleai’s documentation! — simpleai 0.7.11
documentation](https://simpleai.readthedocs.org/en/latest/)

[Finally an autocompletion library for Python that understands your
Python code.](https://github.com/davidhalter/jedi)

[Spyder - an awesome Matlab-like Python IDE - just reached its first
stable release.](http://code.google.com/p/spyderlib/)

[Stop writing
classes...](http://pyvideo.org/video/880/stop-writing-classes)

[Talk I gave at June bangpypers
meetup.](https://gist.github.com/kracekumar/09a60ec75a4de19b346e)

[Eric 4 - A Full Featured Python IDE but I never hear about it. Tried it
out and it has all the features I
need.](http://eric-ide.python-projects.org/eric-screenshots.html)

[Best "Hidden Features" of
Python](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/101268?sort=votes#sort-top)

[Video Streaming with
Flask](http://blog.miguelgrinberg.com/post/video-streaming-with-flask)

[Luigi is a Python module that helps you build complex pipelines of
batch jobs. It handles dependency resolution, workflow management,
visualization etc. It also comes with Hadoop support built
in.](https://github.com/spotify/luigi)

[What you do not like in
Python?](https://www.reddit.com/r/Python/comments/1mn12l/what_you_do_not_like_in_python/)

[Understanding the FFT
Algorithm](http://jakevdp.github.io/blog/2013/08/28/understanding-the-fft/)

[Assignments — Problem Solving with Algorithms and Data
Structures](http://interactivepython.org/courselib/static/pythonds/index.html)

An interactive version of Problem Solving with Algorithms and Data
Structures using Python.

[Python FAQ: Equality / fuzzy
notepad](http://eev.ee/blog/2012/03/24/python-faq-equality/)

[Understanding '\*', '\*args', '\*\*' and '\*\*kwargs' - Agiliq Blog |
Django web app
development](http://agiliq.com/blog/2012/06/understanding-args-and-kwargs/)

[The Python "with" Statement by
Example](http://preshing.com/20110920/the-python-with-statement-by-example/)

Python’s with statement was first introduced five years ago, in Python
2.5. It’s handy when you have two related operations which you& …

[Why Reddit uses Python | .:.
brainsik](https://brainsik.net/2009/why-reddit-uses-python)
